Add Pagination component (#880)
seek-oss/braid-design-system: .changeset/rude-feet-end.md

---
'braid-design-system': minor
---

---
updated:
  - Hidden
---

**Hidden:** Add `component` support

> Provide a way to customise the DOM element rendered when using `Hidden`. If no `component` is specified it will fallback to the current behaviour — a `span` when setting `inline` to `true`, or otherwise a `div`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now customise the DOM element rendered when using `Hidden`. If no `component` is specified, it will fall back to the current behaviour — a `div` by default, or a `span` when setting `inline` to `true`.
```
